going on guys I'm about to do a video on
my favorite gym shoe but first I want to
give a shout out to make right Nik rag
bodybuilding nwb what's up man
he did a video on the same thing I'm not
copying him this is my true personal
opinion so let's get started so my
favorite gym shoe is the Chuck Taylor
buy converse your really low to the
ground your heels planted it's got a
flat sole it's really good for squats
deadlifts and you look like a badass
wearing them especially these all-black
ones I always get compliments on them so
if you don't have them I suggest you go
out and get them you will thank me
you know I it's probably not because of
the shoe obviously it's because of my
lifting but I feel like I live better in
my truck Taylors I feel like ever since
I got my Chuck Taylors by converse that
I have been making pr's in my dead list
I am dead lifting 405 for multiple times
I'll do a video on it my rack poles same
thing the 405 but my squats got back up
to 315 they'll do a video on it I just
feel like they're overall the best shoe
because they're so light they're so thin
they're up your heel they feel
comfortable the flat sole like look look
how sharp you look man clear that the
Chuck Taylors you know you're a badass
when you're wearing Chuck Taylors when
it's like day where the chucked a yeah
anyways so I got these guys and then I
got the white leather just so you guys
know I'm not bluffing
I really do like their converse and I
wear them almost every day to the gym
you don't have to go out and get the
zigzags or the Reebok CrossFit shoes
they're badass and you should get them
if you want them because
want them to and I am gonna buy them I
do have a shoe problem but these are the
best of things shoes so I wear these to
the gym most of the time usually my back
black ones are a little thinner they're
just a little lighter on the feet just
to prove to you guys how my telecom
purrs hey I'm just got these bad boys
for the fall winter boots you know um I
mean they're they're be sleep converse
shout out to you guys you make an
awesome shoe I don't you guys should be
in bodybuilding
you guys should support and and what do
you call that sponsor people and just
have no more Chuck Taylors because
everyone would because they're amazing
anyways so yeah those are my favorite
shoes for bodybuilding and again Shelton
they're cry I didn't copy him he's just
he knows what's up he knows that I
believe physics of greatness - this is
the second time I've done a show that
both of you guys but you you guys know
what's up the Chuck Taylors are the best
lifting shoe so if you don't have them
go get them you'll thank me
alright so comment on below what your
favorite lifting shoe is whether it be
the the Reebok CrossFit the zig zags if
you work boots you know flip-flops
whatever you wear let me know and like
and comment and subscribe guys alright